1. What is IDE? What are the advantage of IDE?
ans: An integrated development environment (IDE) or interactive development environment is
a software application that provides comprehensive facilities to computerprogrammers for software development. An IDE normally consists of a source codeeditor; build automation tools and a debugger. Several modern IDEs integrate with Intellisense coding features.Some examples of IDEs are: Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, NetBeans, Delphi, JBuilder,Borland C++ Builders, FrontPage, Dreamweaver etc.
Advantage:
1. Auto compiles and runs code.
2. Provide syntax highlighting.
3. Auto code complition.
4. Auto compiles and runs code.
5. provide folder structure for the project.

2. What are the advantage of visual studio IDE?
ans: The advantage of visual studio IDE are: 
1. Cross-platform support.
2. light weight.
3. support multiple programming language.
4. free of cosr.

Advantage of NetBeans IDE:
1. Flexible user interface.
2. Window management.
3. Extensible file system implementation.
4. Free and open source.
5. Active developer community.


3. What are different access specifiers in Java? What are its implication when it is used before:
a. Class
b. Method
c. Variables

Ans:The access modifiers in Java specifies the accessibility or scope of a field, method, constructor, or class. We can change the access level of fields, constructors, methods, and class by applying the access modifier on it.

There are four types of Java access specifier:

Private: The access level of a private modifier is only within the class. It cannot be accessed from outside the class.

Default: The access level of a default modifier is only within the package. It cannot be accessed from outside the package. If you do not specify any access level, it will be the default.

Protected: The access level of a protected modifier is within the package and outside the package through child class. If you do not make the child class, it cannot be accessed from outside the package.

Public: The access level of a public modifier is everywhere. It can be accessed from within the class, outside the class, within the package and outside the package.

Let us see which all members of Java can be assigned with the access modifiers:

Members of JAVA	Private	Default	Protected	Public
Class             No	      Yes  	        No	      Yes
Variable	       Yes        Yes           Yes       Yes
Method	      Yes         Yes            Yes      Yes





